I'm Francis merini a student at Columbia
journalism school I started covering the
protest in the encampment the real first
day I feel like the kind of access we
had was
unprecedented because really first week
media was not allowed on
campus so this allowed us to go there to
talk with to student protesters and also
to build trust with with them because
they were really weary of the of the
media so as we were we were reporters
but we were also students and it helped
us a lot the night the NYPD came into
campus access was heavily restricted it
was really hard to
report we were all outside of the
Columbia Jour School building and then
at some point the police started to come
towards us decided to push us inside
telling us not to go out otherwise we
would have been arrested it was
something I've never experienced before
and and didn't even think I would have
experienced a situation like that that
was nothing happened to us but I
realized that it was potentially
dangerous I think I've learned so many
lessons in the last two weeks I know
that it is a really
polarizing topic the ongoing war in Gaza
I would say taught me how to be a
reporter and not an advocate because I
know of course I have an opinion like
everybody does and and uh also that made
me realize how dangerous this job can be
but at the same time I didn't change my
idea about what I want to do so I still
want to be a
reporter make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
alzer